let's learn how the
bridge in a neighborhood no matter what it is
a neighborhood of four strings of five
six
a mandolin bath does not matter the
mathematical physical principle that governs them
is the same
so here you must do it
first lift
I recommend the bridge to loosen the
strings do not do this with
strained strings as they usually are
if not
loose
we raise it we raise it slowly
Y
we place each rope in the south what
have planned there are they we see the
caves urging loose
Now the important thing is
that if the bridge is properly placed
banjo will assign correctly if not
is well placed never good can
assign it will never be able to fine tune
correctly
the physical principle that I spoke to
principle is the following a string is
a principle of
pitágoras a rope divided to the middle
exactly gives us an octave or we
gives the same note but one octave more
up if I pressed until the world
exactly half and gives us another two
but one is higher we are not going to
do is think one of the strings or yes
so I show you exactly
fret 12 that this 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 1012
press
and if the bridge is properly placed
course well let's put normal
there you hear very low the eighth but
these mathematicians do not worry
we measure exactly the distance there
from the schools from inside the
schools not from here outside but from
inside there
both between 12
and if I'm going to do it so that the
two centimeters
the cusp the fret to the schools
we have there 30 and 35 centimeters 30 and 35
centimeters that same exact distance
is going to have to have
from east 30 and 35 to the bridge
here it is far away we are going to have to do
Charles
exactly up
the 30 and 35 lack a little more what
we accommodate
and there we have it, let's see if it's
true
there is nothing but another proof that we have is
that this same note
we're going to have to hear from this
side pressing here and now
we change from here
and we listened to the note we passed the finger to
next space and
you have to listen to the same note
exact
lower of course because why are you
living the patch but
does not have exactly the same note
there is possibility of error
there we will have the bridge well
placed at all times when it
move or out there playing an instrument
it is common that it can be twisted
put devastated and this has to be
perfectly perpendicular
perpendicular
to the ropes and the tensioner this bar the
Pizza
that holds the strings of these strings
have to keep it sufficiently
down as to keep the
pressure remember that the bridge does not go
stuck in any way but simply
is subject to the pressure that the
strings on it there is no other way to
place it
so remember, I insist again
exactly the number 12 fret
the distance between this suit and the
schools must be exactly equal to the
what is between the 12th fret and the cusp
of the bridge neither more nor less because if
have more forward going to sound
much more
sharper or more pitch much higher and
this is that after the low tone and none
in those ways will allow them to assign
the instrument by each of these
divisions is based on this division
exactly mate materials